Some time ago
The Feng family just attended the opening ceremony of the Hall of Souls
You said that it is better to keep a small family in the Feng family
Oops, I'm dying of laughter.
I thought it was a big deal
Then do you know
The Hall of Ghosts was opened by this commander himself
As for the summary you mentioned
Wait for the time
I will naturally wipe them out
I warn you that if you dare to treat Su Xue endlessly again
Don't blame me for being rude
Yo hahaha
Ha long ability
I'm not mean to him
What's the matter, Su Xue, you little bitch?
Punch you wimp
How dare you hit me?
Come on, somebody!
This monk has beaten someone
Dare to hit me and I will make you pay
What are you waiting for?
Also call Feng Shao
Let him get rid of this wimp
Feng Shao, I was about to find you
I didn't expect you to call me.
What Chu Shi is Long Shuai
Impossible, his fish rice can hardly afford to eat
How could it be Long Shuai?
What's good?
Oh, I see.
How is the service?
Why did you deceive again?
Is Chu Cheng really not you, Zhao?
He's a shit dragon handsome
Cousin of Chu Cheng
I grew up with Chu Cheng since I was a child
Their family is so poor that they can hardly eat
He is not Long Shuai at all
I should have known.
Since Chu Chen can fake in the Hall of Heroic Souls
Then he can naturally invite a fake dragon camp
So to speak
We can continue to deal with the expedition
Exactly.
And this time I also invited an uncle
I will definitely be reborn
Undeserved price mom
The emperor called me
Second uncle will come right away
This time I see you are useless, and you still pick challenges
Don't worry, my son is early for you.
I kneel down and apologize to you, but you won't let me go?
A royal family
In your eyes, your son is the Dragon Shuai from the beginning
That's right, the storage brother is Long Shuai.
I saw it during the day
He is Long Shuai
Then I am the queen
Long Shuai
He couldn't be talking about the millionaire in the workplace
It is called a big strike and godless Zheng Bi Long is handsome
Ouch, I think he has been a teacher for several years
What do you think your brain is?
How dare you say that you are Long Shuai
What a bastard
Do you hear me?
This kid actually said he was Long Shuai
Yeah, I think this kid is crazy
What a great man Long Shuai is
How could you come to this place to eat and beat people up?
Dare to pretend to be handsome
This kid is dead
Brother Chu Chen is right
He is the dragon
I can testify
You little bitch
You shut up
How can you lie?
You live with your brother-in-law
You are not a good thing
That's it, don't you know?
What does he mean?
That's his brother-in-law.
This small county
Squeeze your sister away
Lift it with his trash, forget it, you're talking nonsense
I didn't squeeze in my sister.